good morning it's
september 9 2020 and it's a wednesday
here in l.a got the early morning fog
again but it looks to be clearing
very still right now around 65 degrees
fahrenheit 18 celsius
today i'm thinking about
janice joplin and big brother in the
holding company
and their performance at the monterey
pop
festival in 1967.
before this janice joplin wasn't so well
known
but that night at that performance you
got to listen to that performance
monterey pop janice joplin and big
brother in the holding company
that night she did something hit
something that was extraordinary
and after that as they say a star was
born
should go up to around 85 degrees
this afternoon around 30 degrees celsius
and once this clears away
and even with maybe some smoke in the
air from the fires
we should be having blue skies
and golden sunshine all along the way
everyone have a great day